# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via gradio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
brotli==1.1.0
    # via gradio
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
faiss-cpu==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via gradio
ffmpy==0.6.1
    # via gradio
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gradio==5.44.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==1.12.1
    # via gradio
groovy==0.1.2
    # via gradio
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.9
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   safehttpx
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.5.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.29
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.75
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.10
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.4.21
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   gradio
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
openai==1.102.0
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.11.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.2
    # via gradio
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   sentence-transformers
pip==25.2
    # via langchain-text-splitters
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via langchain-community
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pypdf==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via gradio
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2025.8.29
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.1.0
    # via typer
ruff==0.12.11
    # via gradio
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.16.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
sentence-transformers==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.47.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.22.0
    # via transformers
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via gradio
torch==2.8.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.56.0
    # via sentence-transformers
typer==0.16.1
    # via gradio
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via gradio
websockets==15.0.1
    # via gradio-client
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.24.0
    # via langsmith
